# First Order OVA

Note: This is a subtitle dump of the respective anime release. There are no speaker tags to indicate who is talking. Please contact Lib#7770 on Discord if you'd like to help document speaker tags!

The Shiva Lens has detected an abnormality!



- Coordinates confirmed!

- Abnormal value rising!



- Laplace is assessing the situation.



- Hurry!



The light...



Chaldeas was created from a reproduction of Earth's soul.



If the light of that civilization is extinguished...



Gather humans who have Master potentials right now!



We'll move the Rayshift experiment into practical phase.



Unless we regain the light of Chaldeas, humankind has no future.



Not someone whose name is worth mentioning, I guess...



I mean, I have a name.



But I don't get to use it that often, which means I probably can't make a good first impression.



Huh? Where am I?



That's an easy one.



This is an observatory, built to make the future of the human race as long and prosperous as possible.



This is the Chaldea Security Organization.



Are you calm now?



Thanks.



When I got here, I remember undergoing some kind of simulation...



The Spiritron Dive, I see.



If you're not used to it, it might put a lot of stress on the brain.



My head is still pounding.



You passed out on the floor before your consciousness had awoken, and Fou found you.



I think that's what happened.



A-Are you okay?



Y-Yes.



This squirrel-like creature is Fou.



It's a Privilege Life-Form free to roam around Chaldea.



As you can see, he goes where he pleases.



An unusual creature, isn't it?



He rarely approaches anyone except for me, so it seems he's taken a liking to you, Senpai.



Huh...



Congratulations.



You've just become Fou's second attendant in Chaldea.



Th-Thank you.



By the way, are you one of the people with Master potential who they gathered for Rayshifting?



Oh, yeah.



They said I was qualified to make a contract with a Servant, so somebody from here invited me.



By the way, what's a Rayshift?



Did you come here without knowing what you're going to do?



Well, they were very passionate about inviting me here.



That's a new one.



Really?



Chaldea is a research facility and observatory that gathers researchers of every category, from mages to scientists, all for the purpose of continuing the history of humankind for as long and prosperous as possible.



Our top researchers have developed Chaldeas, a Global Environmental Model.



Chaldeas?



It was proposed that planets had souls, so this miniature Earth was replicated to reflect that soul.



"As long as the light of civilization burns on Chaldeas, humankind is guaranteed to last 100 years into the future.”



But the light has suddenly begun to fade.



If the light disappears, that means civilization will come to an end.



According to our observations, the human race becomes extinct in December 2016.



A close examination of the information has revealed a new abnormality.



That's Spatial Singularity F.



We discovered from A.D. 2004 to 2016, there was a suburban city in Japan that was an "unobservable area" and did not exist in history.



Chaldea assumed this is the cause of the human race's extinction, and proposed the Rayshift experiment to the United Nations, which received approval.



Rayshift turns humans into Spiritrons and sends them back into the past to intervene in certain events.



In other words, it's like time travel.



By this means, we can transfer to the past and investigate the cause of the future's disappearance, then destroy it.



And that is the idea behind Rayshift, which Chaldea is currently trying to conduct.



I was invited to join something that incredible?



Surprised?



Yeah.



So time travel is actually possible now?



Oh, that's right.



I haven't introduced myself yet.



I'm Ritsuka Fujimaru.



I apologize for not making a good first impression, but nice to meet you.



How long have you been here?



Here...



Two years.



Then you're the "Senpai”, right?



No, everyone is a "Senpai" to me.



What's your name?



Don't tell me you're "not someone worth mentioning” okay?



My name is...



Mash Kyrielight.



- So this is where you've been.



- Professor Leff.



The briefing for the Master candidates is about to begin.



Come quickly to the control room.



Oh, who are you?



Number 48...



Oh, one of the common recruits.



Please don't be disappointed.



All of you are necessary for this mission.



I'm Leff Lynor, one of the engineers here.



H-Hello.



By the way, shouldn't you be going, too?



Where?



The briefing.



If you're late, the director will glare at you for an entire year.



U-Um, where is it?



Over here.



It's unusual for you to become involved with someone, Mash.



What do you find so appealing about him?



Senpai is... human.



Let me correct that.

To be exact, he seems human.



I have a feeling all of the people here are a little different.



That's because all the people in Chaldea have one or two quirks.



What does that—



Welcome to the Chaldea Security Organization.



I am Olga Marie Animusphere, the director of Chaldea.



And all of you have been chosen or discovered from around the world for the rare talent you possess.



By talent, I mean the potential to do a Spiritron Dive.



You possess magical circuits and the qualifications to become a Master.



That being said, it's a special talent, but you yourselves are not special people.



Make yourselves aware that you are no more than tools whose sole purpose is to protect humankind's history.



Geez...



Tools?!



Silence!



If you don't like what I have to say, leave Chaldea immediately!



Fine then.



Chaldea has never seen this many...



48... Commoner's block...



Why...



- Senpai.



- Mash...



Senpai, you've been excluded from the first mission.



I'll take you to your room.



In the world of mages, ability is a given, but lineage says a lot as well.



The director is the head of the Animuspheres, a distinguished family of Mages.



She indeed has a strong predilection for bloodlines.



Many potential Masters were needed after moving the Rayshift's experimental stage to practical use.



But only a handful of Mages had that potential.



So that's why average citizens like myself were so aggressively recruited.



Will you leave Chaldea?



I haven't decided for certain yet.



But for now, I'll do what I can here.



And leaving like this would be frustrating.



As high as we are above the ground, we can't see one bit of the blue sky.



Blue sky, huh?



If you spend two years up here, I guess you wouldn't get a chance to see it, huh?



This is your room, Senpai.



Thank you for everything.



Not at all.



You'll participate in the mission, right, Mash?



Which is why I must leave now.



Um... Be careful!



She's kind of an interesting girl.



E-Excuse me...



Yes... Come in...



Who are you?!



U-Um...



This is where I retreat to slack off!



Who said you could come in here?



I was told this was my room.



Your room? Here?



So the last kid finally showed up...



Um, you are?



I'm Romani Archaman, head of the medical division.



Everyone just calls me Dr. Roman.



Head of a division!



S-Sorry to bother you when you're taking a break.



No, not at all.

Really, I'm just a run-of-the-mill doctor.



By the way, isn't the Rayshift starting soon?



I heard all staffers were involved with that.



Actually...



In other words, you've infuriated the director and were cut from the first mission.



Then we're two of a kind.



The director chased me out, saying,



"When Romani is here, the mood softens up too much!”



All I could do was sulk in this room.



Oh, really?



But now, since neither of us has anything to do, we should deepen our friendship.



O-Okay.



And that's Chaldea's structure.



It was built 6,000 meters above sea level in the mountains, with a basement workshop...



Hi, Leff.



Romani. Rayshift is going to begin shortly.



Would you come here as well, just in case?



Did something happen?



Team A is ready, but Team B and down are having small abnormality issues with some of the people who aren't used to this.



Then I'll anesthetize them.



Hurry.



You're in the medical office, right?



You should be able to get here in two minutes.



Okay!



Don't be late.



This isn't the medical office, is it?



W-Well, I won't get in trouble for being a little late.



Besides, it sounds like Team A isn't having any issues.



- Oh, the man I was talking to...



- Professor Leff, right?



I met him earlier.

He said he was an engineer here.



An engineer?

That was incredibly humble of him.



He's the Mage who created the telescope to observe Chaldeas, the Near-Future Observation Lens: Shiva.



And, the former director is the one who constructed the Rayshift's summoning system.



And Atlas Academy provided the Spiritron Calculation Engine to actualize the theory.



So many talented people have come together to make it all possible.



It seems pointless to have an average doctor like me on hand, but when they call for me, I go.



Right?



Thanks for letting me bend your ear, Fujimaru.



No, thank you.



Once things settle down, come visit me in the office.



I've got some delicious cake...



- What is this?



- A power outage?



Chaldea shouldn't have any power outages.



Emergency alert.



Fires have broken out in the central power plant and central control room.



Fires?



The central division bulkhead will close in 240 seconds.



All personnel, please evacuate from gate two immediately.

Control room...



Hey!



To repeat, fires have broken out in the central power plant and central control room.



Oh, no...



Only Chaldeas is unharmed?



It's possible this was an act of sabotage.



Suspension of power output unit confirmed.

Insufficient power generation.



This is bad!



Unable to switch to reserve power.



Personnel, please manually switch to reserve.

To repeat...



I'll go to the basement power plant!



Isn't it dangerous?



I can't let the light of Chaldea go out.



You need to go back the way you came now!



Bulkhead closing in 180 seconds.



All remaining personnel in the central division, please evacuate from Gate Two immediately.



Mash! Where are you?!



Rayshift system transferring to final stage.



Coordinates: January 30th, A.D. 2004.

Fuyuki, Japan.



Laplace conversion protection in place.



Additional factor frame towards the Singularity secured.



Unsummon Program set.



Masters, please enter the final adjustments.



Senpai?



Mash, hang in there! I'm coming to help you!



No, that's...



Never mind me...



Please, you need to... run...



And you're coming with me, Mash.



Please, just run! There's no-



Forget it!



Warning to observation staff.



Chaldeas' condition has changed.



Shiva's near-future observational data will be overwritten.



The survival of the human race on Earth for the next 100 years cannot be confirmed.



The future of humankind cannot be guaranteed.



Chaldeas is...



Central bulkhead will now be sealed.



Commencing interior cleansing in 90 seconds.



Senpai, I'm sorry.



Because of me...



No, it's...



Well, I'm sure we'll find a way out of this somehow.



Are you okay, Mash?



Yes... Thank you...



Seeking qualified Masters... Seeking...



You can't see... the sky...



...at all... from here.



You're right!



Because there's always a blizzard here...



Someday, I want to show you the sky, Mash.



I'm sorry. Your hand...



Sure.



Here.



There we go.



Resetting contact with suitable designee number 48.



Starting Unsummon Program.



Commencing Spiritron conversion.



Rayshift beginning in 3... 2... 1...



All procedures cleared.

Commencing First Order.



That tickles...



Mash?!



I'll explain later.

But for now, please stay down.



Well, well...



Looks like he retreated.



Mash, that outfit...



Master, your commands.



You and I will get through this situation together, Senpai!



What the hell?



Why do these kinds of things always happen to me?



Help me, Leff!



Are you all right?



You!



Director, are you hurt?



What is going on?



This is Singularity F.

Fuyuki City, 2004.



It may be hard to believe, but I...



You're a Demi-Servant, right?

I could tell just by looking at you.



What I want to know is, why didn't it succeed until now!



I'm sure you know that Chaldea prepared a Servant beforehand in order to resolve the investigation of Singularity F.



Right before I died, he offered me the contract.



In exchange for giving me the abilities of a Heroic Spirit and Noble Phantasm, he wanted me to eliminate the cause of the Singularity.



So I merged with the Servant to become a Demi-Servant.



Then this substitute commoner has become your Master?



Master?



I'm a Master? But...



That Command Spell proves it.



I finally got through!

Hello, can you hear me?



Dr. Roman!



Fujimaru, Mash.



So you did get caught up in that Rayshift.



Without being in a Coffin,

I am surprised you didn't lose your existence.



Why have you taken control, Romani?



D-Director! You're alive?!



Why is the head of the medical section in that chair?



Where's Leff?



Professor Leff was right in the middle of that explosion.



I can't see any hope of his survival.



No...



The reason I've been entrusted with operational command is because there isn't anyone left who outranks me.



Then what about the Master candidates?



What happened to the 47 people who were in the Coffins?



All of them are in critical condition.



At this rate...



Don't be so foolish!



Transfer them to cryopreservation immediately!



Our top priority is to ensure their survival!



I'll do it at once!



As long as they don't die, this can all be justified later.



I can't possibly carry the burden of 47 lives on my back.



Currently, Chaldea has lost

809% of all functions.



Once communications with the outside are restored,



I'll request supplies and start reconstructing Chaldea. That's the status.



Fine, Romani Archaman.



I'm not happy about it, but until I get back, you're in charge of Chaldea.



Roger. But still...



A Demi-Servant, the fusion of a Heroic Spirit and a human...



I can't believe it succeeded at a time like this.



Well then, starting now, both Ritsuka Fujimaru and Mash Kyrielight will begin investigation on Singularity F.



I wish you luck.



If an emergency situation comes up, please contact me.



Hmph!



We can send an SOS, but nobody will come to save us.



Director...



Director, are you sure about this?



We could wait here for help instead.



After this incident, I can imagine how much protest we'll get from the Association.



We can't go home empty-handed.



Sorry, but you'll have to help me, Mash and Fujimaru.



Roger.



R-Roger!



I never thought the day would come when I'd have to rely on a commoner.



You're being annoying!

What do you—



Please get away from there right now!



I'm detecting signs of an enemy!



This is...



...a Servant!



What the heck?

What's a Servant doing here?



It's a Holy Grail War.



It's been confirmed that in 2004, a special ritual called a

"Holy Grail War" took place in this city.



A Holy Grail is a magical vessel that contains the foundation of all forms of Magecraft.



Mages in the city of Fuyuki completed a Holy Grail, and summoned seven Heroic Spirits to activate it.



The seven Masters battled it out, and in the end, the survivor obtained the Holy Grail.



But the conclusion isn't recorded.



Did the ritual succeed?



Did it fail?



Whatever did happen, the Servants' actions ended without anyone knowing about them.



Then why...



Are these... chains?



No, don't touch it!



Master!



Too bad.



The fresh prey got away.



An unknown Servant and an unknown Master.



How young and fresh...



A Servant!

But I don't see her Master.



This world has already gone mad.



A Servant without a Master doesn't surprise me.



Those are...



...former humans.



Looks like that Servant turned them to stone.



Why would you do this?



You complain?



When you wander into my hunting ground,



I'm free to treat you however I please, am I not?



Do not worry.



I've lost one statue, but now I'm going to have three new ones.



Our only option is to fight.



Fight?



- Can you take her?

- Yes.



Oh, how bold. How fresh.



Is this your first time fighting as a Servant?



Then, as a veteran, I'll teach you.



Be careful of what you say and do.



For once the word "fight" passes your lips, it has already begun.



You're desperate. Excellent.



But be careful.



My lance is the Lance of Immortal Killing.



Any wound this lance delivers cannot be healed by any means.



Even if by some miracle you could completely heal your entire body.



Do you understand?



If you make the slightest error, you'll be a failure of a Servant for the rest of your life!



Being too fresh can get on my nerves.



I will entangle you all with my hair.



I'm no match for her.



Please run, Senpai!



Mash...



You've got guts.



A little girl is still a little girl, but you seem pretty brave.



That's why I can't leave you like this.



Who are you?



Who? Look at me and you'll know...



...old friend.



You are...



Why do you side with these wanderers?



Because it's better than being on your side, of course!



I'm a Caster Servant. For a certain reason,

I consider her an enemy.



The enemy of my enemy is not necessarily my ally, but for now, you can trust me.



Get in position, young lady.



Skill aside, your courage is second to none.



Thank you!



Kid!



Are you the Master?



Then I'll leave it to you for the commands.



- But...

- If you call yourself a man, prepare yourself!



It'd be a temporary contract, but out of regard for that brave young lady,

I'll become your Servant.



That's fine with me.



It means I can kill you earlier than planned.



I'll take you while you're still flesh and blood.



All you can do is run away!



It seems you don't even have time to cast a spell, right?



This is what you get for opening your big mouth.



This is what happens when you express your intentions.



Young lady!



I don't need to chant a spell to use Runes.



Go back to school, you dimwit!



And, that's one down.



You saved us when we were in danger.



Well, good work.



We were saved because of your support.

Don't worry about it.



Hey, hey, hey!



You have a fine body.



That's one sexual-harassing old pervert.



For now, let's ask him about the situation.



It seems he's a sane Heroic Spirit.



Is that some means of communication through Magecraft?



It's a pleasure to meet you.



Heroic Spirit, I don't know where you hail from, but it's an honor-



Flattery won't get you anywhere.



Just state your business quickly.



You're good at that, right, weakling?



W-Weakling...



In short, you're Servants from the Holy Grail War that took place in this town, and the only survivor, yes?



I didn't lose, if that's what you mean.



Somewhere along the line, our Holy Grail War was switched with something else.



Switched?



I don't know the details myself.



Overnight, the town was blanketed with fire, humans had disappeared, and only Servants remained.



Saber was the first to start up the Holy Grail War again.



That one has gone on a rampage with relish, like a fish finally getting water.



Saber has defeated Archer, Lancer,

Rider, Berserker, and Assassin.



And then the defeated Servants became corrupted by a dark mud, as you saw with Lancer.



I disposed of the darkened Rider and Assassin before they encountered you.



As for the Berserker, well, I think he won't attack as long as we leave him alone.



So if we defeat the remaining Servant...



The Holy Grail War will be over.



There's a high likelihood of settling the Singularity F abnormality, too.



Do you know where it is?



Yes.



At the heart of this land.



They're protecting it.



The corrupted Greater Grail.



I'll take care of the Archer bastard.



I need to settle things between us once and for all.



You really don't mind helping us?



Even though you hardly know anything about our situation?



No, I don't mind. Don't worry about it.



I don't get deeply involved with things outside of my own time period.



At the end of the day,

I cooperate as a weapon.



That's the Servant Golden Rule.



Your purpose is investigating this abnormality.



My purpose is drawing the Holy Grail War to a close.



Our interests line up.

Why not join forces together?



That's a logical decision.



Still, it's unusual.



You don't have the potential to be a Master?



What of it?



I mean, you're a first-class Mage.



You just don't have the potential to be a Master?



Is it a curse?



What difference does it make?



You've got a first-class stubborn streak, too.



What was that?!



Mash?



I overworked you, didn't I?



No!



No, I'm fine.



I'm operating perfectly.



But...



Oh, I know what itis.



Senpai, I can't use my Noble Phantasm yet.



Noble Phantasm?



They're weapons that Servants use.



But Mash, you have...



No, this shield hasn't shown me its true form yet.



You said you didn't know what kind of Servant you merged with, so I figured this was the issue.



It's not all your responsibility.



An outstanding Master should be able to analyze the Servant with whom he has a contract.



You mean...



Owowowow!

I'm saying your level is low!



I'm sorry!



Sorry for interrupting the fun...



...but a Noble Phantasm is about instinct.



If something happens that calls upon that instinct...



...it will awaken naturally.



I'm tired. Let's rest a bit up ahead.



Right.



Senpai.



Are you cold?



I'm fine. It seems this form isn't affected by temperature.



I'm sorry.



I keep putting you through hard times, Mash.



If your Master was a first-class Mage instead of some commoner, your burden would probably be lighter.



You really are a human, Senpai.



I'm happy.



Happy that I could form a contract with you as a Servant.



Was there a blue sky here, too?



Stars, cosmos, gods, animus, hollow, void, anima, Animusphere.



You're working hard.



Better than nothing, right?



Hey, don't touch without permission!



There's something important that I haven't confirmed yet.



What is it?



Do you know the True Name of the Saber Servant?



You speak as if you two have crossed blades several times.



Yes, I know.



Anyone who's been hit by that Noble Phantasm would know the identity.



The sister sword of The Sword in the Stone...



It's the most famous holy sword of all, even in your time period.



Its name is Excalibur.



Excalibur!



The sword belongs to King Arthur, the celebrated King of Knights.



You're going to tell her, Mash, to fight King Arthur?



Her Noble Phantasm hasn't even been released yet.



The young lady has that shield.



But her Noble Phantasm...



Wary of that shield, there was a bowman who targeted that young lady.



What?



If Archer makes a move, then Saber is definitely involved.



And if my hunch is right...



The Greater Grail is inside.



It looks like a natural cave, but has it always been in the town of Fuyuki?



It's half-natural, half-artificial.



It's an underground workshop expanded by a Mage over many years.



Well, speak of the devil. The disciple is here.



The Archer Servant?



Are you protecting the wielder of the holy sword as always?



I have no memory of becoming a disciple.



But I can at least do the work of chasing off mundane visitors.



In other words, you're a gatekeeper.



I don't know what you're protecting Saber from, but let's end this here.



Sorry, but I don't have that kind of...



...free time!



Eihwaz!



Don't say such sad things, Archer.



Unless you don't have confidence to take me on?



Go right now! Saber's in there!



Let's go!



What is this?



A dreadnaught-class Magical Reactor Core?



This is the Greater Grail?



I see.



That is an interesting Servant there.



- Is that Saber?

- Her energy is powerful!



A shield, is it?



You should ready it, stranger girl.



With this sword, I will test if your protection...



...is true!



You're wide open!



Here we go, you fell for it!



You put Runes in the air!



Yeah, my mentor had a spell that summoned the Gate of the Underworld.



I ripped that off, basically.



It won't do any good to shoot each other from long distance.



From here, let's go all out and do our usual fight!



From a Caster class?



I thought you're supposed to be smarter than usual?



One's cleverness and tastes are two different things!



Won't you come forward?



If you intend to go help her, you'll only be in the way.



No, worse than that.



But Mash is...



Prepare your resolve.



I understand how you feel.



Painfully so...



Then...



You're that girl's Master.



That girl is your Servant.



Do not look away!



Look straight ahead! Hold your head high!



Right now, what should you really be doing as a Master?



Game over.



I think you've gotten rusty.



You've got that right.



You've come this far, and you're worried about someone else.



I shall answer those eyes.



And to the heart that means to protect its Master!



Please endure it, Mash!



Wait! Fujimaru!



Fujimaru!



Excalibur Morgan!



It looks like this is the end.



Will that shield resist the sword?



Or will that sword pierce the shield?



A long time ago,

I heard something similar to that.



Yeah? And what was the answer?



The answer was "a paradox.”



Only a contradiction is produced.



I don't know about that.



I always think the same thing about that story.



If both things are equal, then isn't it all down to the skill of those wielding them?



Or let me put it another way.



If you're losing because of the weapon's performance, then it's only human to compensate with wisdom, yes?



Don't underestimate the Sage of the Forest!



Sorry. These are all new tricks.



True, this is better than nothing.



I believe in you.



Please watch me, Master.



The Noble Phantasm...



That shield is...



Excalibur...



I'm fine. It's not over yet...



My spell is the coffin of flames.



A giant of verdant thorn.



Retribution, a shrine that purifies the human misery.



I'm proud you've held out this long.



Befalls...



Wicker Man!



Victory for the power that protects?



I see...



Such like that innocent one...



Ultimately, no matter how fate changes,

I face the same end when I'm alone.



What does that mean?



Do you know something?



Eventually, you will come to know,

Ireland's Child of Light.



And the battle over the Holy Grail has just begun.



Hey, wait! What do you mean by...



Kid, young lady,

I'm leaving the rest to you!



Caster!



If there is a next time, summon me as a Lancer!



Confirmed. Saber and Caster have both been terminated.



Did we win?



Well done, Mash and Fujimaru!



It looks like I can't get any visuals from there so I can't see your happy faces.



Director, now we don't have to worry about Singularity F...



Grand Order...



How did the Servant know that name?



Director?



Oh...



Well done, Mash and Fujimaru.



Mash.



Even if you're inexperienced, even if you're a temporary Servant...



Your genuine wish unleashed that shield.



If you do acquire the True Name, you didn't have the slightest interest in becoming that Heroic Spirit.



I'm sure that's why the Noble Phantasm responded to you.



That's some fairy tale.



I'm just teasing you. Never mind me.



But it is inconvenient using the Noble Phantasm without a True Name.



I'll think up a good spell for you.



Let's see...



How about Lord Chaldeas?



The name Chaldea has meaning for you too, doesn't it?



Yes!



Thank you, Director.



Lord Chaldeas...



My, I never thought you would all get this far.



This is an unforeseen element of the plan that goes beyond what my tolerance allows.



You're...



Professor Leff?



Professor Leff, you say?



Leff... Leff!



Leff!



Thank goodness, you're alive!



Without you, I don't know what I'd...



Hi, Olga.

It seems you've had a rough time, too.



Yes, that's exactly right, Leff!



With all of the unexpected events,

I thought I would go crazy!



But now that you're here, we'll get through it somehow, won't we?



Of course.



I'm just so furious with all these unexpected events.



Romani, I told you to come to the control room right away.



Leff?



And you, Olga...



I planted the bomb right under your feet.



I can't believe you're still alive.



Well, not exactly alive.



In fact, you're dead.



Your physical body, anyway.



When you were alive, you didn't have the aptitude for Rayshifting.



You couldn't make the transfer when you had a body.



Only when you went through your physical death, did you obtained the aptitude you so desired.



Lies...



That's why, the moment you return to Chaldea, your consciousness will cease to exist.



I'll cease to exist?



But that's too miserable to contemplate.



You dedicated your life to Chaldea...



So the least I can do is show you what's going on.



Wh-What is that?



It's not real, is it?



That's just a virtual image, right, Leff?



It's the real thing.

I linked space-time together for you.



You see, with the Holy Grail, even this is possible.



So take a good look, scion of the Animusphere family.



This is the fate of your family's lunacy.



Hey, what are you...



As this is the end,

I'll make your wish come true.



You may touch your treasure.



What are you talking about?



S-Stop it.



But that's Chaldeas!



Yes, it's no different than a black hole.



Or perhaps the sun.



Either way, if a human touches it, they will be split apart on a molecular level.



You will experience infinite living death.



Director!



No, Senpai!



No... No, somebody! Somebody help me!



Why? Why does this always happen to me?



No, don't! No, no, no!



I mean, I haven't done anything yet!



No one's ever praised me for anything!



Noooooo!



Oh, no!



As expected of the Demi-Servant...



You could tell I was a fundamentally different creature, couldn't you?



The 48th Master candidate...



I turned a blind eye to you because you held no promise.



Why do humans always want to avoid the course of fate that is chosen for them?



I will introduce myself once more.



I am Leff Lynor Flauros.



I am in charge of the year 2016, tasked to dispose of your human race.



You are listening, Dr. Roman?



Professor Leff.



As fellow students who studied magecraft together, I will give you one final advice.



The future has not disappeared.



It's been incinerated.



Chaldea is probably being protected by the magnetic field of Chaldeas, but I'm sure the outside is meeting the same fate as Fuyuki.



The reason we aren't able to make contact with the outside isn't because communications are down, but because there's no one outside to receive them.



You will not perish because humanity reached the end of its evolution, nor will you perish from engaging in war with a foreign species.



Rather, from your meaninglessness, and your incompetence, and because you have lost the favor of our king...



...you will burn away like useless wastepaper, leaving no trace behind!



An earthquake?



No, this is...



This Singularity has also reached its limit, eh?



The accursed Saber caused me unnecessary trouble, trying to maintain this time period even while being awarded the Holy Grail.



And so, farewell, Romani,

Mash, and the 48th candidate.



The cave is collapsing!



No, even before that, this space is unstable!



Doctor! Please activate the Rayshift quickly!



I know!



But I'm sorry, the place might collapse around you first!



Anyway, you can still be salvaged if...



Doctor?!



Mash!



Senpai!



Where am I?



Fou?



What's wrong?



Good morning.



Good morning, Mash.



Senpai...



It's thanks to you, Senpai.



Ahem.



First of all, congratulations on returning alive, Fujimaru.



Mash and Chaldea were saved thanks to you.



Um, what about the director?



Unfortunately...



Because of you three, the Fuyuki Singularity has disappeared.



However...



Seven new Singularities have been discovered.



They're space-time disturbances that Fuyuki can't even compare to.



Using the Rayshift to each of these seven Singularities and returning history to its rightful form...



That's the only way to save the human race.



Aside from you, all of the Master candidates are in cryopreservation.



Mash is the only Servant we have.



Under the circumstances,

I am practically forced to tell you this.



But still, I need to say this.



48th Master candidate, Ritsuka Fujimaru...



Are you and your Servant prepared... to shoulder the responsibility of mankind's future?



If it's something I can do.



Thank you.



Those words have determined our fate.



From here on out,



Chaldea will follow through on former Director Olga Marie's plan to preserve the human race.



Our goals are to protect as well as to recover human history.



The search objectives are holy relics from various eras, and the Holy Grail, appearing to be the cause.



The opponent we must fight is history itself.



Many Heroic Spirits, all whom are legends, will be standing in our way.



The only way to survive is by taking back the future.



No matter what sort of end awaits us...



The name of this operation is Chaldea's last yet first mission.



The order to protect humanity...

Grand Order!



In the name of the magical world's highest order, we will take back the future!

